hi my name is Ryan I'm here at Beverly
Hills Porsche and I'm gonna show you a
2008 Porsche Cayman S that we just took
it on trade this is a black on black
6-speed manual very nicely optioned car
really nice condition I mean for looking
for a Cayman S they're not the easiest
car to come by this particular one was
sold by us originally I think we also
sold this car as a certified car I think
within about a year or two ago but it's
back and it's now available again here
at Beverly Hills Porsche just senator I
think it's 27,000 miles on the car we'll
go verify that right now
sorry 29 828 is current mileage it's a
shot of the interior this is in black
standard leather take a look at the
backseat there's not much to see back
here this is where the engine is in the
came in couple of neat things I like in
these cars is these little one is these
little storage areas those are kind of
fun you've also got a cargo net here if
you want to throw your gym bag your
briefcase in there it'll stay put
here's the six-speed manual and another
option this cars got is navigation which
is really nice it's pretty rare on
Caymans this one's got it look at your
climate control knobs they're good shove
the mileage 29 828
this is a Porsche approved certified
pre-owned car comes with a two year
warranty
two year 50,000 mile warranty just put
this one through the shop and it's now
available if you have any questions on
the car give me a call I'm gonna have
complete specs in the description area
I'll also have additional photos and a
link to the photos posted on my Flickr
page please check those out those are
some really cool shots there and if you
have any questions feel free to give me
a call directly again my name is Ryan
and that's a quick look at our 2008
Porsche Cayman here at Beverly Hills
Porsche